What will happen?
The Joe Rogan experience.
Sure.
We were talking about vampire facials that some ladies,
uh,
Jeff told us this lady,
two people got HIV and AIDS,
right?
Yeah.
Not necessarily a,
sorry,
I jumped the gun.
I know.
It's more fun to say HIV.
I apologize.
Her with HIV right now.
It feels like you're not even supposed to say aids.
Yeah.
Like you,
you say aids like,
Whoa,
whoa.
Sensitive slowdown,
brother to test positive.
The after vampire facial says vampire facial is girls get jabbed in the face
with some,
is it plasma is at it?
What does it PRP,
what are they doing?
Didn't,
didn't care about that.
Yeah,
I get that from like that.
Yeah.
She,
she took pictures of it on the INSTA.
I don't understand.
So wait a minute.
Don't they get a new needle every time you use the same needle?
I don't want on here.
No.
If they're,
yeah,
there's Kim.
Beautiful,
awesome.
Um,
I don't know if they use other people's blood for the facial.
What pops up.
So,
yeah,
I think that's probably what's going on.
I don't think it's dead.
It's a used needle.
I think it's that they're using someone else's blood.
Why would you,
this doesn't make any sense.
Like does this make sense to anyone?
No,
because I would think that that if you drew blood,
you would draw it from yourself.
Oh that's it.
So it takes it from your body,
puts it in a sense of view and then put the right.
So that is basically platelet rich plasma.
So,
but why,
why would anybody get HIV unless you're giving it to yourself?
Maybe they already had HIV Bay Elian myth busted,
blaming it on Mexico while was per usual.
What did,
why did she do to her nose?
She did it on every part of your body.
Butter knows.
Yeah,
she's scared of her nose to nose to look old.
That's plastic.
Ah,
just kidding.
Just kidding.
Can People Watch this?
I'm just kidding.
Just kidding.
Lol.
Yeah.
So what happened to these fucking people?
Did they really use an old needle?
As doesn't mean they probably already had aids.
That's what it is.
God Damn Lie.
Cause think about it for a second.
Why would you take an AIDS test before?
Right.
You know,
oh,
we're getting deep.
I took an aids test before and after my facial and then I didn't even have aids
till after my facial.
Congratulations.
Right.
Yeah.
It doesn't make any sense.